SPCTR-385: Fix- Testimonial block arrow and content margin issue (#3241)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

= x.x.x =

> * Fix: Testimonial - Resolved testimonial arrow and content margin issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix: Testimonial - Resolved an inssue in which the arrows would overlap the content on mobile devices.
```

Author: updated
